hi this is lindsay from mahalo calm and
today we will be teaching you how to
play ding dong merrily on high on piano
for this song we're gonna be in C
position fingers one two three four five
in the right hand starting on C and five
four three two one starting on C and the
left hand the only two chords that we're
going to need for this song are C in the
left hand and F so see you keep this to
do the F chord from the sea you keep
this bass note and just move your
fingers up C and then F the core is in
order in the song RC C f/c
f c/f and then see for the right-hand
start back C position and 1 1 2 1 then
crossover with 3 3 2 1 1 2 4 4 3 4 4 4 4
5 4 3 2 1 then you're gonna move back up
to C position so we crossed over and got
out of it we're gonna move back up so
their fingers are here to do the descant
it's a right hand solo and it's we're
gonna do this a few times it's a bit
faster we're gonna slow it down and just
repeat it a few times so it's 5 4 3 4 5
4 3 2 3 4 2 3 2 1 2 3 1 2 1 crossover 3
3 4 5 3 4 3 2 3 4 3 2 1 1 again like I
said this is a long run we're gonna do
it a couple of times start back C
position tip at the beginning of the run
5 4 3 4 5 3 4
three two three four two three two one
two three one two get ready for the
crossover one three four five three more
three two three four - three two one
one great last time through and then
we'll go out straight to the end
five four three four five days 4 3 2 3 4
2 3 - 1 2 3 1 2 1 3 4 5 3 4 3 2 3 4 3 2
1 1 2 4 4 3 4
for great so practice the round a few
times you can really impress your
friends if you can play that quickly and
then we'll put it in the song so now for
both hands together keep going if you
mess up like I said everyone's gonna
mess up if you're playing Christmas
Carol at a party nobody cares if you
mess a note just keep going
thank you for watching if you'd like to
learn any other songs please check out
our other links or if you have requests
email us at request at Mahalo com thanks